See how you can make dynamic groups on Knox Manage
which automatically adds users to groups based on predefined conditions!
On the Knox Manage groups page, click "Create group" to start building a new group.
On the group creation page, set the group name and choose if this will be a user or device group
Here, select Dynamic membership so members are added automatically based on rules.
The Dynamic Group builder lets you add rule-based conditions, and set actions for when users join or leave.
For example, you can set your condition to add users to your group if their User ID contains a certain pattern.
If you set multiple conditions, you can choose if a user must meet all of them or just one of them to be automatically added to the group.
Then, you can click "Preview group members" to see which users will be added to your group based on your conditions.
With the condition set, you can enable the option to automatically
push the group's assigned profiles and apps whenever a new user is added.
This ensures that new members instantly receive required resources.
Click 'CREATE' to finalize and activate the dynamic group.
Your dynamic user group is now live, automatically adding any user whose department matches your rules
while also applying assigned profiles and apps.
To learn more about Knox Manage dynamic groups, please see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!